Add pricing details for region pinning (multiple pages) (#2059)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: snippets/guides/region-pinning-content.mdx

| **South America** | São Paulo | `sa` |
| **Regional Aliases** | Global | `global` |
| | Europe _[coming soon]_ | `european-union` |
| | United States _[coming soon]_ | `united-states` |

## Limits and pricing

<Warning>
This feature is temporarily free to use on the Pay-as-you-Go plan. 

Billing & metering will be enabled soon, so if you use this feature, you may start seeing charges at any time. You can monitor your usage [in the ngrok dashboard](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/billing). 

We'll update these docs when this changes. 
</Warning>

This feature is only available on the Pay-as-you-Go plan. [Learn more about ngrok plans](https://ngrok.com/pricing).

> You are limited to 100 region-pinned domains, but this matches the limit for _total_ domains, so most customers won't notice. [Learn more about limits](https://ngrok.com/docs/pricing-limits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have up to 100 region-pinned domains. This is the same as our total domain limit, so most customers should be fine. Feel free to reach out via support if you need more. [Learn more about limits](https://ngrok.com/docs/pricing-limits)
```

It will cost **$0.02 per active endpoint hour**, for each endpoint on a domain with region pinning enabled (as described above). 
* This is in addition to the existing rate for endpoints.

> * But you'll only be charged for region pinning when an endpoint is _actively_ sending or receiving traffic. If you have endpoints with pinning enabled, but they don't send/receive traffic, there are no associated costs from this feature. 

Reviewer 2: I think niji's suggested change was for brevity, as the pricing explanation is a little technical and the less noise there the better. I like your new proposed change, so I will approve if you add it
